Document premium referrals (nitro trials) (#93)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/premium-referral.mdx

# Premium Referral Resource

Premium referrals, or Nitro trials, allow Nitro subscribers to share up to three 2-week Nitro subscriptions with friends who haven't had an active Nitro subscription in the past 12 months.

### Premium Referral Object

> Used to represent a premium referral.
> 

Reviewer: Unnecessary
```suggestion
```

###### Premium Referral Structure

| Field                 | Type                                                        | Description                                                                                              |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id                    | snowflake                                                   | The ID of the referral                                                                                   |
| user_id               | snowflake                                                   | The user who the referral was sent to                                                                    |

> | trial_id              | snowflake                                                   | The billing trial id                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| trial_id              | snowflake                                                   | The trial ID associated with the referral                                                                 |
```

> | subscription_trial    | billing subscription trial (todo)                           | The billing subscription for the the referral                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subscription_trial    | subscription trial object (todo)                            | The subscription trial associated with the referral                                              |
```

| expires_at            | ISO8601 timestamp                                           | The expiry date of the referral link                                                                     |

> | referrer_id           | snowflake                                                   | The user who created the referral                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| referrer_id           | snowflake                                                   | The ID of the user who created the referral                                                           |
```

### Premium Referral Eligibility Object

> Used to represent a user's premium referral eligibility.
> 

Reviewer: Unnecessary
```suggestion
```

###### Premium Referral Eligibility Structure
| Field                 | Type                                                        | Description                                                                                              |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | referrals_remaining   | number                                                      | Amount of referrals you have remaining                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| referrals_remaining   | number                                                      | The amount of referrals remaining                                                                |
```

> | sent_user_ids         | array of user ids                                           | Users you have sent a referral to                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sent_user_ids         | array of user ids                                           | The users that have been referred                                                                        |
```

> ###### Example Premium Referral

Reviewer: Please move this to be under the relevant structure

```json
{
  "id": "1107800271637200936",
  "user_id": "563434444321587202",
  "trial_id": "1073698058383917056",
  "subscription_trial": {
    "id": "1073698058383917056",
    "interval": 3,
    "interval_count": 14,
    "sku_id": "521847234246082599"
  },
  "expires_at": "2023-05-17T22:42:46.690847+00:00",
  "referrer_id": "1044657759066525777"
}
```

###### Example Premium Referral Eligibility
```json
{
  "referrals_remaining": 0,
  "sent_user_ids": [
    "159985870458322944",
    "563434444321587202",
    "296776625432035328"
  ]
}
```

## Endpoints

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/users/@me/referrals/{user.id}">
  Create Premium Referral
</RouteHeader>

Returns a [premium referral](premium-referral-object). The referral is sent to the user id. Referrals expire after 48 hours. Only Nitro subscribers can create referrals. 

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/referrals/{referral.id}">
  Get Premium Referral
</RouteHeader>

Returns a [premium referral](#premium-referral-object)

> <RouteHeader method="GET" url="/users/@me/referrals/eligibility">

Reviewer: Please move this to the top of the endpoint list
